DOCS-321 - Alt text for security articles (#4291)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/administration/index.md

  <p>Learn how to create and manage user accounts and roles for Cloud SIEM.</p>
  </div>
</div>
<div className="box smallbox card">
  <div className="container">
  <a href="/docs/cse/administration/custom-inventory-sources"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/collect.png')} alt="Small boxes merging into a circle icon" width="40"/><h4>Custom Inventory Source</h4></a>
  <p>Learn how to extract Inventory Data from logs in Sumo Logic and send it to Cloud SIEM.</p>
  </div>
</div>
<div className="box smallbox card">
  <div className="container">
  <a href="/docs/cse/administration/save-inventory-data-lookup-table"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/frequent-search.png')} alt="Check mark in an magnifhing glass icon" width="40"/><h4>Save Inventory Data to a Lookup Table</h4></a>
  <p>Learn how to use a saved Sumo Logic search to populate a Lookup Table with Cloud SIEM inventory data.</p>
  </div>
</div>
<div className="box smallbox card">
  <div className="container">

>   <a href="/docs/cse/administration/manage-custom-insight-resolutions"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/correlation-engine.png')} alt="Barchart with a gear icon" width="40"/><h4>Manage Custom Insight Resolutions</h4></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a href="/docs/cse/administration/manage-custom-insight-resolutions"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/correlation-engine.png')} alt="Bar chart with a gear icon" width="40"/><h4>Manage Custom Insight Resolutions</h4></a>
```

  <p>Learn how to create and manage Custom Insight Resolutions.</p>
  </div>
</div>
<div className="box smallbox card">
  <div className="container">

>   <a href="/docs/cse/administration/manage-custom-insight-statuses"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/retain-and-visualize-logs.png')} alt="Barchart in a circle icon" width="40"/><h4>Managing Custom Insight Statuses</h4></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <a href="/docs/cse/administration/manage-custom-insight-statuses"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/icons/operations/retain-and-visualize-logs.png')} alt="Bar chart in a circle icon" width="40"/><h4>Managing Custom Insight Statuses</h4></a>
```
